#task_1_info
#Interface with a stock price data feed

You’ve been asked to assist with some development to add a chart to a trader’s dashboard allowing them to better identify under/over-valued stocks.
The trader would like to be able to monitor two historically correlated stocks and be able to visualize when the correlation between the two weakens (i.e. one stock moves proportionally more than the historical correlation would imply). This could indicate a potential trade strategy to simultaneously buy the relatively underperforming stock and sell the relatively outperforming stock. Assuming the two prices subsequently converge, the trade should be profitable.
Most data visualization for our traders is built on JPMorgan Chase's Perspective data visualization software, which is now open source. If you want to explore that, a link is provided in the resources section. 
Before implementing this request using perspective, first you’ll need to interface with the relevant financial data feed and make the necessary adjustments to facilitate the monitoring of potential trade opportunities.

* Understanding the finance and trading part is not required.
* Being familiar with python scripting language and command line basics is not required as you will be guided in this exercise
* (Note, you DO NOT have to install Perspective as an individual software onto your machine. All you need to complete this task is to follow the instructions in step 3)

For the first module of this project will need you to accomplish the following:

Set up your system by downloading the necessary repository, files, tools and dependencies
Fix the broken client datafeed script in the repository by making the required adjustments to it.
Generate a patch file of the changes you made
Bonus task: Add unit tests in the test script in the repository.

#Purpose
We want to process the data feed of stock A and stock B’s price to enable us to analyse when trading for the stock should occur.

#Acceptance Criteria

getDataPoint function should return correct tuple of stock name, bid_price, ask_price and price. Note: price of a stock = average of bid and ask
getRatio function should return the ratio of the two stock prices
main function should output correct stock info, prices and ratio
Upload a git patch file as the submission to this task
Bonus: All unit tests inside client_test.py, added/existing have to pass
To properly make the changes necessary to complete the objectives of this task, follow the guide below.

